[Music]
hey there moneybags
how'd you manage to save up all that
cash and live the good life if you're
stuck paying off credit card debt and
balancing two jobs the idea of having
extra money to spend on vacations and
luxury cars may seem like a pipe dream
but honestly acquiring wealth is simply
about sacrifices buzzkill I know but
what would you be willing to give up
sleeping in on the weekends oh that one
hurts yeah just bear with me counting
down from number eight boredom if you
want to save some serious cash
one of the first sacrifices you should
make is feeling bored that may sound
weird but hear me out you know those
days where you have nothing to do so you
just binge watch your favorite Netflix
show until you begin to melt into your
couch well instead of wasting this free
time use it to acquire a new skill
wealthy people often value
self-improvement and are always trying
to make the most of themselves often
this means learning a new skill that you
can use to make more money in the future
so what kinds of new things should you
learn about you ask let's say you aspire
to be a successful artist but you don't
know much about sales well the two may
not seem to relate an artist could
actually benefit from understanding the
art of making a sale since to make money
they'll have to convince others to
invest in or buy their work make sense
in order to learn a new skill choose a
couple hours a week to devote to it take
a class at the local community college
or use the time to read a book on the
topic you'd like to master even if it's
something you know absolutely nothing
about give it a try stepping out of your
comfort zone is a great way to see
things from a new perspective
number seven family life as you've
probably come to realize financial
success doesn't just happen unless you
were born into extreme wealth like Paris
Hilton you need to devote lots of time
to working on your business and
lifestyle to achieve the level of wealth
you want but what if your dream is
having a wedding and lots of kids well
it's all about prioritizing you can
still have the family life if that's
what you want just don't focus on all
that quite yet instead of putting all
your energy toward dating or chasing
after kids focus your attention on how
to further your career and stay sharp
this way you can be selfish without it
being detrimental to the ones you love
one way to handle this sacrifice is to
set a time line for yourself if you want
to have kids but also want to have more
financial freedom set a certain age in
your 30s to begin exploring family life
that way you'll have your 20s to focus
on yourself plus being goal-oriented is
a great way to give yourself that extra
drive toward getting what you want
number six a flashy lifestyle sure there
are plenty of rich people who love
flaunting their wealth mm-hmm but they
didn't get to that level of financial
freedom by doing so don't spend money on
things you don't really need settle for
simple clothing and jewelry within your
budget if you spend copious amounts of
money for vanity sake then you'll find
yourself living from paycheck to
paycheck instead of saving up this
sacrifice also helps you to really value
your money and understand where it's
going instead of just blowing it on
stuff you don't need and once you're
getting the big bucks you can splurge on
that Versace jacket or Ferrari you've
had your eye on for years
five sleep if you think you can earn
extreme wealth by getting a whopping
eight hours of sleep a night you have
another thing coming
well it's ideal to get seven or eight
hours of sleep working hard at your
craft or career often require sleepless
nights even though there are 24 hours in
a day it sometimes doesn't feel like
enough during this time just accept the
fact that you're going to feel a little
run down and tired from late nights at
work or juggling multiple jobs according
to Business Insider billionaire Elon
Musk says he sleeps only about six hours
a night and he's already made his money
but if you're one of those people who
really needs time to rest when they're
working hard you know as most humans do
then you can schedule your rest just
like you would important meetings or
deadlines this still may not be enough
but hey you can rest easy on a beautiful
beach when you're able to afford lavish
vacations in the future for distracting
entertainment this sacrifice can be
especially challenging during a time
when social media is just a click away
at all times I'm pretty sure Oprah
Winfrey isn't wasting her afternoons
scrolling through our Instagram feed
when you're working on building a
business or honing in on your craft
distractions can easily become your
downfall entertainment like movies TV
shows concerts and more not only wastes
valuable time but also your money think
about it in one month
going to the movies a couple of times
and maybe a concert or two can literally
cost you hundreds of dollars not to
mention the fact that it took up tons of
your time instead of getting distracted
by entertaining activities every weekend
or even some weeknights designate one
day a month to do something fun and
entertaining that way if you choose one
Saturday to catch up on all the Game of
Thrones episodes you missed you won't
feel guilty
[Music]
number three predictability if you want
to be rolling in the big bucks one day
you've got to let go of the idea that
you'll live a stable comfortable life
part of earning success is being able to
take advantage of opportunities as
they're presented to you if that means
relocating to another state for a year
so be it try not to be scared of change
or taking big chances saying no to
opportunities that could advance you in
your career could be detrimental you
never know when you'll get one again
take the Kardashians for example to
build their brand they've spent years
jet-setting off to different states and
even countries promoting their products
and their reality show it made their
life incredibly busy and hectic and they
probably didn't end up in their bed
every single night at the same time but
they sacrificed a simple predictable
life for incredible fame and fortune and
they're probably grateful they did too
making life cushy look it's 2019 and
life is all about how to make things
easier but when you're saving up and
working towards becoming incredibly
successful the comfortable life just
isn't doable and I'm not talking about
that ultra comfy king-size bed or that
kind of gross but awesome toilet seat
warmer I'm talking about everyday things
you spend money on to make your life
just a little bit more comfortable like
the newest wireless headphones sure not
having to untangle wires every time you
want to rock out to Beyonce is nice but
is it really worth spending up to a
hundred bucks on and settling for a
cramped studio apartment versus an
expensive luxury apartment will save you
tons of money you can make do the
sacrifices may seem insignificant but it
really adds up and you're better off
putting that money towards growing your
business or whatever other goals are
trying to reach you can worry about
flying in the comfort of your own
private jet
later in life
[Music]
number one caring about what other
people think boy I hope I'm not the
first to break it to you but life isn't
like high school it's not a popularity
contest if people don't like you you
shouldn't stress too much about it
well it's important to be respectful of
others there's no need for you to go out
of your way to appease them especially
if it hinders your growth for example
let's say it were there's an opportunity
to go on a trip with your boss
that would practically guarantee you a
raise and the ability to move up in the
company but there are other people in
your office that may also deserve to go
on the trip maybe even more than you do
instead of worrying that it may make
them like you less there's no reason why
you shouldn't try to take advantage of
the opportunity working towards your
goal isn't about making friends it's
about earning what you deserve and when
you're planning wild yacht parties off
the coast of the Bahamas one day you'll
have plenty of people wanting to be your
friend trust me it may feel like you're
sacrificing a lot to work your way to
the top but remember hard work often
pays off and if you put your all into
something think about how great it will
feel when you get to reap all the
benefits of your hard work oh and when
you do earn the big bucks is it cool if
I can borrow 20 bucks just kidding
kind of what other things are you
willing to sacrifice to make it out on
top let me know down in the comments if
you learned something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend but hey don't go anywhere just
yet we have over 2,000 cool videos for
you to check out all you have to do is
pick the left or right video click on it
and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]